Expose client version information in non-debug builds (#15708)
luanti-org/luanti: doc/lua_api.md

      min_jitter = 0.01,         -- minimum packet time jitter
      max_jitter = 0.5,          -- maximum packet time jitter
      avg_jitter = 0.03,         -- average packet time jitter

      -- The version information is provided by the client and may be spoofed or

>       -- inconsistent in engine forks. Only use if other information isn't enough.

Author: I've elaborated on it with some feedback from @appgurueu (on discord). Please suggest changes if it's still not worded well enough to discourage unnecessary usage of it.

      min_jitter = 0.01,         -- minimum packet time jitter
      max_jitter = 0.5,          -- maximum packet time jitter
      avg_jitter = 0.03,         -- average packet time jitter

      -- The version information is provided by the client and may be spoofed or

>       -- inconsistent in engine forks. You must not use this for checking
>       -- feature availability of clients, please use protocol_version whenever
>       -- it is possible.
>       -- Use this ONLY as a last resort!!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -- inconsistent in engine forks. You must not use this for checking
      -- feature availability of clients. Instead, do use the fields
      -- `protocol_version` and `formspec_version` where it matters.
      -- These version fields may only be used for analysis purposes.
```
1. Added an additional hint for `formspec_version`
2. The `[...] last resort!!!` sentence should not be there. Every positive hint to modders will eventually make them think that it is okay to use it for feature checks anyway. I can imagine the following thoughts:
    * "It works for me, so why not do it?"
    * "Just this check surely won't hurt anyone."

      major = 0,                      -- major version number
      minor = 4,                      -- minor version number

>       patch = 10,                     -- patch version number

Reviewer: I think it is a very bad idea to expose the numeric `major`, `minor` and `patch` fields in non-debug builds.
Only the version string should be provided. String parsing (using `string.match` or similar) would be enough cumbersome to stop modders from thinking that it could be a good idea to use for version checks.

Reviewer 2: Indeed: These fields might be completely different for protocol-compatible forks.

Author: Yeah only exposing the version string sounds okay. Will allow for most niche use cases of having this exposed (e.g. detecting cheat clients that broadcast their existence or extremely specific version patch specific client quirks) while discouraging unnecessary usage of it.

      min_jitter = 0.01,         -- minimum packet time jitter
      max_jitter = 0.5,          -- maximum packet time jitter
      avg_jitter = 0.03,         -- average packet time jitter

      -- The version information is provided by the client and may be spoofed
      -- or inconsistent in engine forks. You must not use this for checking

>       -- feature availability of clients. Instead, do use the fields

Reviewer 3: could you make it explicit on `core.features` and `core.has_feature` above that they're for server-side feature detection? so we get a clear differentiation between server-side feature detection and client--side feature detection

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/luanti-org/luanti/pull/15708/commits/94c281d9e87c4e8adf7fa8f3b32a255bab1deb49
